New Docs (#343)
streamingfast/substreams: docs/README.md

> description: StreamingFast Substreams documentation

Reviewer: we might not need a documentation here as the title already mentions "Substreams", it seems a bit repetitive
<img width="440" alt="image" src="https://github.com/streamingfast/substreams/assets/4933447/34da2db8-fe7d-4e92-bc73-112e0571d738">

---

> Substreams is a technology that allows you to **extract blockchain data in a fast and reliable way!**

Reviewer: I like the way Substreams is positioned in the glossary, we should include some of that content here

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/intro/supported-chains.png" width="100%" /></figure>

> **In order to define which specific data you want to extract from the blockchain, you can use Substreams packages**. For example, consider that you want to retrieve data from the Uniswap v3 smart contract. You can simply use the [Uniswap v3 Substreams Package](https://substreams.dev/streamingfast/uniswap-v3/v0.2.7) and send that data wherever you want!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Uou can use Substreams packages to define which specific data you want to extract from the blockchain**. For example, consider that you want to retrieve data from the Uniswap v3 smart contract. You can simply use the [Uniswap v3 Substreams Package](https://substreams.dev/streamingfast/uniswap-v3/v0.2.7) and send that data wherever you want!
```

## Consume Substreams

> There are many ready-to-use Substreams packages, so you can simply consume them. Use the **Substreams Registry ([https://substreams.dev](https://substreams.dev)) to explore packages**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many ready-to-use Substreams packages, so you can simply consume them. Use the **[Substreams.dev Registry](https://substreams.dev) to explore packages**.
```

Once you find a package that fits your needs, you only have choose **how you want to consume the data**. Send the data to a SQL database, configure a webhook or stream directly from your application!

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/intro/consume-flow.png" width="100%" /></figure>

## Develop Substreams

If you can't find a Substreams package that retrieves exactly the data you need, **you can develop your own Substreams**.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/intro/develop-flow.png" width="100%" /></figure>

## How Does It Work?

The following video covers how Substreams works in less than 2 minutes:

> {% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVqGCqKVM08" %}

Reviewer: there's something weird with the video. When listening with my headset, the sound only comes from the left ear

Get an overview of Substreams

> {% endembed %}

Reviewer: I'd add a text version at the bottom for folks that don't want to check the video.  Adding the sample code

Author: I've included the text version in the "Develop Substreams". I'd like to keep the landing page as short as possible, so we don't stress new users
